(Yuma)
Last time on "Yu-Gi-Oh!
Zexal"...
Hello, dueling fans!
Welcome to the World Duel
Carnival finals!
The duels will be held
all across the city...
with the aid of the Duel
Coaster!
It's so cool!
These really are the greatest
duelists in the world!
I can't wait
to defeat 'em all!
There's our
unsuspecting prey.
And now, it's time to put all
the Duel Coaster cars
into gear!
The Heart Piece you collected
from your previous duels
will act as the ignition key for
your individual coaster car.
No! It's gone!
I lost my Heart Piece!
It's all over!
No, it's not!
Kari came through!
You're good to go!
We gotta get in on
the action, Tori!
I predict you will soon see
plenty of action.
Okay, it's time
to make our move.
Fang Formation!
(both)
Let's go!
They are staging
a joint attack.
It appears you
have been ambushed!
You can't run, kid.
We're all going
to duel you!
Three on one!
You are badly
outnumbered, Yuma.
You must fight wisely...
or else your first battle in the
World Duel Carnival finals
will be your last.
This should be
entertaining.
Now we'll see if Yuma
has what it takes
to beat a triple threat!
♪ If life is a game they say
I can't win ♪
♪ I'll never
amount to nothing ♪
♪ Tear me down before
my life begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid ♪
♪ To challenge myself ♪
♪ They won't
ever break my fire ♪
♪ My dreams won't die
if I high five the sky ♪
♪ Spread my wings
take off it's time to fly ♪
♪ Take a chance to make it
all the way ♪
♪ Take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ Take a chance believe ♪
♪ Nothing will bring me down ♪
♪ No retreat when I leave
all my fears behind ♪
♪ My future's
still alive inside ♪
♪ Take a chance and chase
my doubts away ♪
♪ Believing gets me
through my darkest days ♪
♪ Take a chance to make it
all the way ♪
♪ Take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ Take a breath my heart will
lead the way ♪
♪ Take a chance
I'll take a chance today ♪
(Mr. Heartland)
Oh my, things are not looking
good for young Yuma Tsukumo.
He's become the target of those
Duel Desperados,
those Cunning Card Sharks,
those Masters of Malice!
The triad of terror!
And their terrible triple threat
offensive!
This is shaping up to
be the must-see...
duel of the year!
You got that right,
Heartland!
Just feel the flow!
I can hardly wait for the
Triad of Terror to meet Yuma
and show me what this
kid can do...
So you want us to take on
this "Yuma Tsukumo" kid?
Correct.
Just name your price,
gentlemen.
I like the sound of that.
Oh yeah, works for me.
Then we're all
in agreement.
We'll crush this Yuma
in the blink of an eye.
(Vetrix)
Oh no, simply toy with him,
Wolfsbane.
I need to see what
this boy can do with a deck!
And then I will learn what I
need to know...
I will at long last, fully
witness the true nature
of Yuma's powers.
Watch it, you!
We're not playing
bumper cars!
But since you wanted
my attention so bad,
I'd be more than
happy to give it to ya...
I summon Gagaga Caesar!
Gagaga Caesar,
attack Magnet Saucer!
I'm in the driver's
seat now!
Yuma, your confidence
may be premature.
Look at the remaining
monsters they possess.
Their attack points
went up?
Hey, what gives?
What gives is our trademark
Magnet Monsters'
special abilities, Yuma.
Allow me to break it down...
See, if any of our Magnet
Monsters are destroyed,
each of the remaining
Magnet Monsters
gain 400 attack points!
Pretty cunning,
don't you think?
Allow me to demonstrate
for you.
Magnet Saucer,
attack his Gagaga Caesar!
They were both destroyed!
Which is what they want!
Now, my Magnet Eagle's attack
points soar to 2,000
because Magnet Saucer
was destroyed!
Attack him directly!
What's the matter, Yuma, getting
a little hot under the collar?
Well, you'll cool off
now that my attack points
return to normal.
Oh come now, Yuma, I know you
can do better than this.
I want to see everything
that you can do, my boy.
If you're just joining us,
Duel Fans,
you won't wanna miss another
second of the action!
It's Yuma Tsukumo taking on
The Triple Threat Offensive
of the
Triad of Terror!
The poor guy!
It's not fair.
How long can this plucky,
outmatched kid hold on!
There's only one way
to find out!
Keep it right
here, Duel Fans!
Do not miss this duel!
Do your thing,
Magnet Ape Epsilon!
You too,
Magnet Crocodile Zeta!
(both)
Come on out!
Oh great, two more monsters
to deal with!
Even if I can destroy
them somehow...
The other Magnet Monsters
these three possess
will gain attack points.
So, I'm in trouble...
No, Yuma...
Not if you play
Gogogo Golem.
Remember, if you play
it in defense mode,
then your Golem cannot be
destroyed once per turn.
That's right!
If I do that, then I'll give
myself a chance to change lanes
and get away from these
three goons...
So now I summon
Gogogo Golem!
Coyote, take care of that thing
for us, would you?
Crocodile Zeta,
attack Gogogo Golem!
Bolt Bite!
Hang in there,
Gogogo Golem!
Now, Ape Epsilon,
attack Gogogo Golem as well!
Ape Punch!
Seize the moment!
Change lanes now before you
take another attack!
Oh yeah!
Ha, the kid's tryin'
to change lanes.
Guess he's as
dumb as he looks...
Are you ready, Coyote?
Hit it!
Oh no!
I can't lose 'em...
More of the Triad of Terror's
tricky Teamwork!
That Yuma kid has only
1,000 life points left
and my Magnet Eagle has 1,200
attack points.
If my direct attack
on him succeeds, then...
We stand to make
serious bank!
Aww yeah, that's what
I'm talking about.
Yuma!
What do I do?
Ahhh!
This ends now!
Go, Magnet Eagle!
Attack Yuma directly!
What's that?
What's this all about?
Huh?
Hey, who are you?
Someone who's gonna help
you even the odds up.
Long time no see, Yuma!
No way!
It can't be.
It's Anna!
Anna Kapow!
First she wanted to blow me up
and now she wants to team up?
Don't tell me you're in
the Duel Carnival too...
I'll explain later.
We're kinda in the middle
of a duel here, Yuma.
Go, Rocket Arrow!
5,000 attack points?
No sweat, I got this...
You saved me, Anna!
But how did you do it?
I thought you weren't dueling
in the carnival?
It's an interesting
story...
I'll explain later.
Oh, this I gotta hear!
What was that?
No one attacked.
How'd that happen?
After a battle, Rocket Arrow
Express will always
self-destruct, unless,
of course its owner sends
five cards in their hand
to the graveyard.
Oh great!
Looks like Anna forgot what
her card can do.
Okay my bad, but we'll win,
don't sweat it!
I think you're the one
who's gonna be sweating!
Sweating bullets that is,
when I activate the spell
Magnet Reborn!
And soon you'll
be crying, too!
'Cause now by paying
500 life points,
I can call out Crocodile
Zeta from my graveyard.
Put the bite on 'em,
Crocodile Zeta!
Whoa! Anna!
Look out for that croc!
We'll put you in a world of hurt
for sticking your neck out
for Yuma.
Anna, you reached
the Draw Lane!
You gotta pick a card now!
Here goes...
I summon out Lionhearted
Locomotive in attack mode!
Your choo-choo train doesn't
scare me!
Especially since I'm activating
the spell card Magnet Fusion
from my hand!
I tribute Magnet Eagle,
Crocodile Zeta
and Ape Epsilon
to summon Electromagnetic
Magnedragon!
Whoa, that's all
types of bad news!
Uh-oh,
Anna's in trouble!
That's right!
And this time it's my turn
to save her!
So I draw!
And now I summon
Bull Blader!
Uh-oh,
here comes trouble!
Jackal!
I bet you guys
missed me, huh?
It's my turn, kid!
I draw!
And I summon
Magnet Mannequin!
My turn now and I summon
Magnet Jammer!
I've been waitin' for this!
Magnedragon, attack Lionhearted
Locomotive!
Magne Inferno!
When Magnedragon destroys
a monster,
you take damage equal
to the destroyed monster's
attack points.
Anna!
Oh no.
Anna needs your
help, Yuma!
Yuma,
please be careful!
You are surrounded.
But not for long!
Watch this!
Alright, Bull Blader,
do your thing!
Attack Magnet Mannequin!
Thanks, you just activated
Mannequin's special ability!
When it's destroyed, you take
200 points of damage.
And to show you you can't
keep a good monster down,
I'll activate the spell card
Magnet Reborn from my hand!
By paying 500 life points, I can
bring back Magnet Mannequin
from the graveyard!
Now we'll just
keep on attacking
till we hack away all your
life points!
Ah, you wouldn't
dare do it!
You'll lose all
your life points!
I don't need 'em.
We're a team, remember?
Even if "our"
life points run out,
Wolfsbane's will
remain solid!
And crushing you means a big
payday for all of us!
What big payday?
A payday?
What could he mean, Yuma?
We don't care about the World
Duel Carnival, Yuma!
Think of us as
duel bounty hunters.
We take punks like you on
for cash.
Someone's paying them?
Who's got it out for me?
C'mon, you gotta tell me!
(all)
Wouldn't you like to know?
I draw!
(Anna)
This is the only card I can
summon right now...
Please let this do the trick.
I play Express Train Trolley
Olley, in defense mode.
1,000 defense points.
Ha!
Get real, that can't defend
against my Magnedragon!
Go, Bull Blader!
Attack Magnet Mannequin!
(Jackal)
Don't you remember,
you lose 200 life points
if you take out
Magnet Mannequin.
Face it, you've lost!
You can't take down
the Triad of Terror!
He's right!
It's just a matter of time
before we take you down!
I really hate to admit it,
but "goggles" back there
may have a point.
Agreed.
We are in dire straits.
Say goodbye!
This is bad!
Hey, what's up, Yuma?
Need a hand?
Heroic Challenger Spartan,
attack Magnet Jammer!
Nistro?
Who's this?
It's a new guest!
So this calls for a quick
change of plans!
Magnet Jammer's ability returns
our monsters to our hands!
Thanks, Nistro,
you're just in time!
Now with Nistro, the odds
are finally fair.
You're up!I know!
Now, Bull Blader attack!
Why bother?
How do you plan to beat
Magnedragon's
3,500 attack points with Bull
Blader's 1,600 attack points?
(Yuma)
Well, why don't you watch
and learn, "Wolf Lame"?
You see, Bull Blader can stop
Magnedragon's battle damage
and destroy it!
Why you dirty...
I don't know about you gents,
but I am getting a little sick
and tired of this Yuma kid.
What do you say we finish
him off once and for all?
Roger!
I draw!
I summon Magnet Chameleon!
Funny thing about having two
Magnet Chameleons...
They negate your monster's
special ability!
So Bull Blader's
useless to you now...
Uh-oh!
We'll see how
"useless" it is!
I draw!
I summon Heroic Challenger,
Extra Sword!
Try this on
for size, chump!
Coyote!
This is bad!
(Astral)
Yuma, I may know why Nistro
stepped in to save you
from that attack.
Yeah...
Your Bull Blader,
Anna's Trolley Olley
and Nistro's Extra Sword
are all Level 4.
If there are three Level 4
monsters on the field,
you can Xyz Summon...
All right!
I overlay Level 4 Bull Blader,
Anna's Trolley Olley
and Nistro's Extra Sword!
With these three monsters,
I build the Overlay Network!
And Xyz Summon the mighty...
One-Eyed Skill Gainer!
2,500 attack points.
With my Magnedragon at 3,500,
whatever will I do?
You'll freak out, since Yuma
used Extra Sword to Xyz Summon,
One-Eyed Skill Gainer gains
1,000 attack points!
And my Trolley Olley's
special ability
adds an extra
800 attack points...
I don't believe it!
That makes
4,300 attack points!
Yuma, you are
forgetting something.
Oh yeah!
I also activate Skill Gainer's
special ability!
By using one Overlay unit, it'll
gain your Magnedragon's powers.
So thanks for bringing
Magnedragon to the party.
This cannot be happening!
Magnedragon's special ability
deals damage
equal to the attack points of
the monster that it destroys.
If I take 800 points of damage
from battle
and then take 3,500
points of damage
from the special ability...
I'll be completely wiped out,
in a single turn!
So how does it feel to know
that your trio is gonna lose
the duel, Wolfsbane?
We ain't losing!
Oh no?
If Wolfsbane survives,
we can still win!
No, Jackal!
I'm out of here!
That's right, run away!
You chicken!
Heh, he took off.
We won't be seeing anymore
of that creep.
Ah, yeah, well...
We would have
won it anyway.
No one saw this coming!
Yuma Tsukumo, joined by two
last-minute teammates,
beat the terrifying
Triad of Terror!
Yahoo, Yuma did it!
Atta boy, Yuma!
You guys were amazing!
(Wolfsbane)
This is not over!
I still aim to finish
the job, Yuma!
(Nistro)
So if I got this right,
you're not even in
the World Duel
Carnival, Anna?
Not exactly.
But you found
someone who was,
tied them up so they
couldn't escape,
and then
pretended to be them?
Gee Anna, that's kind of
extreme...
Oh yeah, well, so what?
I guess I-- I just wanted
to see you again.
Heads up,
he's back, you guys!
It's Magnedragon!
I was hoping we'd seen
the last of it!
It's Magnedragon!
I was hoping we'd seen
the last of it!
You didn't think I'd take off
without finishing the job,
did you?
Oh no, brace yourselves!
I activate the spell Direct
Magnet from my hand!
By paying
half my life points
and cutting Magnedragon's
attack points in half,
it can now
attack you directly!
Take this!
I summon Construction
Train Signal Red!
Now Magnedragon is forced to
attack Construction Train
instead of my
sweetie-pie Yuma!
(Yuma)
Anna!
Anna...
If my attack
didn't damage you,
ramming my coaster car
into you will!
Now, Skill Gainer, attack!
Oh, yeah!
(Anna)
We beat 'em again!
(Yuma)
That's right and we couldn't
have done it without you, Anna.
I believe in you, Yuma.
You can win
the whole carnival!
Don't prove me wrong!
I think
she likes you, Yuma.
Yuma is powerful indeed...
But his reliance on the power
of friendship
will be his undoing.
And now we go from the sunny
skies of the SkyScape Section
to deep underground into
the Dragon's Den!
Stay with us, Duel Fans.
You won't want to miss
a second!
I am so feeling
the flow!